c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.dll.config
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.pdb
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\obj\Debug\SchoolAppToday.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\obj\Debug\SchoolAppToday.dll
c:\users\x1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\obj\Debug\SchoolAppToday.pdb
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.XML
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.dll
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.pdb
C:\Users\X1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolAppToday\SchoolAppToday\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.dll.config
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.XML
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\SchoolAppToday.pdb
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.pdb
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.xml
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\obj\Debug\SchoolAppToday.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\obj\Debug\SchoolAppToday.dll
C:\Users\X1\Source\Repos\School\SchoolAppToday\obj\Debug\SchoolAppToday.pdb
